chore(intranet-header-workspace): remove user image logic (#4667) (#4821)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/gentle-shoes-joke.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-intranet-header': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Removed user specific profile image logic from the intranet header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the user profile image from the intranet header due to loading issues from SharePoint, which were causing missing image errors. The header now displays a default user avatar.
```
